ViVi: Hello~
HaSeul: Hello~
HaSeul: The music video shooting!
HaSeul: Wait, no!
HaSeul: Orbit!
HaSeul: Oh, it’s not Orbit...
(ViVi is embarrassed about seeing HaSeul making many mistakes)
HaSeul: It’s favOriTe!
HaSeul: Cut, cut!
HaSeul: Today is the day of music video filming for ‘favOriTe’
ViVi: Yeah
HaSeul: We were practicing choreography...
HaSeul: Because we need to practice it more
HaSeul: And of course, we shouldn’t forget dance moves while filming
(Some girls are practicing under the hot sun!)
(Some girls are practicing indoors!)
(Meanwhile, ‘Love&Live’ by LOOΠΔ 1/3 is playing on the set)
(Of course HeeJin’s beauty is glowing today even though it’s indoor...)
(HeeJin singing)
(And YeoJin jumping!)
HeeJin: This song’s concept is a little harder than ‘Hi High’
HeeJin: However, YeoJin, you’ve only done something cute
HeeJin: Our youngest, can you do it well?
(Of course YeoJin is perfectly good at doing something cute!)
(YeoJin will get used to ‘favOriTe! So please look forward to it!)